/*Beginning- Someone goes up to the sink pours out water drinks it then clutches his chest and dies
Turns gray- and someone says "=Do you know what's in your water? With Aperio, this wouldn't have happened */

The average human consumes four gallons of water every week. Clearly, water is vital to our health. However, we have no idea what is in the water we drink. One of the most frightening feelings we experience is uncertainty, and we wanted to get rid of that. 
Actually filming us- 
Hi my name is Max Diamond, and he is Yash Sharma and we are engineers at the Cooper Union. /*We've always had a passion for using our engineering skill to help others.*/ We've been following recent events and there
have been many alarming incidents that have happened all over the world, even close to home, that highlight the need for effective water quality monitoring. So we went ahead
and developed a product that would do just that. 

Show Aperio device- 
We created Aperio, a water faucet with a suite of sensors that monitors the quality of your water as it flows through your faucet. Aperio uses several different measures to determine water quality, including acidity, clarity, contaminent concentration, 
and even oxidation-reduction potential. By passing this data through a well-tested algorithm, Aperio can come up with a "purity score", an easily . When your "purity score" reaches dangerous levels, Aperio can automatically alert you from the device itself, or
through SMS, app, or email. 

Since we realize that many households already have a faucet that they're already content with, we're also developing the Aperio Micro, which retains the sensing
capabilities of the full Aperio faucet, is instead portable and attachable to any existing faucet. 

video of us working, pan shot of lab-

When we developed our prototype, we reached out to many experts in the fields of sensing and hydraulics, such as Professor Joe Cataldo, the head of the Hydraulic Engineering Laboratory at the Cooper Union and Atlas Scientific to further refine the
design of our project. We really believe in Aperio, and would like to bring it to production. 

Someone talking- 

This is where you come in. By funding the project, you can receive a number of rewards such as water bottle, customized product, and more
These are essentially gifts for believing in our product. We want to grow Aperio into a mainstay of the market, and hope you can accompany us along the way

Thanks a lot for watching, and consider supporting Aperio!